"Expectations"
"I want to be efficient in my knowledge of Data "
"I would like to become more fluent in Data"
"basic knowledge and methods to analyze data in my own daily life"
"Handling Big data"
"Find out statistical data by an efficient way for necessary questions for the preparation of the master thesis"
"I want to learn programming and use it to solve real life corporate problems. "
"I expect to learn a lot about different ways of managing and interpreting data from different sources as well as learning new methods and applications for real life and cases."
"Deepen my knowledge about analytics and data management "
"I expect 1) to gain some new R experience using it in a real-world project, 2) to learn some new packages, 3)to apply my existing knowledge in R and Statistics in a particular study."
"How to analyze data with R"
"To obtain knowledge on how to use the R software to analyse data based on statistics."
"To improve my skills in Data Analytics"
"I expect to learn the basics in programming"
"I will get to learn different prescpectives of Data Management and also get to learn about the R language"
"I expect to refresh and expand my knowledge of statistics and R. "
"Data Analysis"
"Learning and using R in a most practical way e.g. real scenario"
"Required skills to get better in data analysis"
"Learn about how to manage and translate Quantitative data into possible solutions "
"To learn more about programming in R and statistics."
"I would like to learn how to work with data, especially where to start when it comes to finding a solution for a hypothesis or a problem and how to evaluate it to make data-based forecasts. Moreover, I want to become more familiar with different programming languages and lose my \"fear\" of programming. "
"Academic data analysis and usage of tools to find solutions for questions"
"How to work with and interpret big data sets."
"Analysis of statistical Data in R."
"to become fluent in the programming language R "
"I would like to learn more about data and improve in exploratory data analysis. My goal is to become a data/business analyst where working with data will be my daily routine and I hope to become more comfortable (\"fluent\") and observant with data by participating in this course.  "
"Being able to understand information and what it represents and how can the knowledge aquired can be aplied"
"Get to work with real-world data and analyze it using R."
"Analyze data with R or other equipment "
"More skils about data analysis and maybe data visualization with R and other analytical programs."
"proper ways of data analysis and empirical research, some hands on application of the knowledge learned instead of simply theory"
"R programming and the use of statistics in real programme with R."
"To understand the fundamentals of Data analysis and the tools (programs) used in my studies as well as in the professional world."
"During my job search, i have learned the things that the companies want their employees to have. I believe this seminar will get me familiar with \"Git\" and I believe I can develop myself further with the exercises of 'R'."
"to learn how to work with R "
"R coding and empirical research procedures"
"Learn how to deal with data, learn more about R, prepare for a thesis"
"Programming "
"To learn how to use R-Programming for academic research and to draw conclusion based on the database. Find out correlations and causations based on the data to support an academic theory. "
"would love to learn the data sciences from the scratch."
"To become fluent in data tools."
"I would like to understand more about websites and the way they work, and also i would like to have an introduction about programmation because I have a friend who does some programmation and that seems really interesting. "
"Learn the R language and improve my data analysis"
"repeat staff and learn smt new :) "
"I expect to retain no knowledge after participation, as is the case with most of my classes. But I would be happy if I am wrong, and in that case, I hope to develop useful skills and acquaint myself with helpful tools and software."
"I expert to be fluent in data Analysis by the end of the course"
"To understand the nature of data."
"I would like to get familiar with R and learn how to apply theoritical statistical knowledge on real-life examples"
"To understand a lot programming languages in Statistics"
"I expect to learn fundamental topics in R programming and its various aspects and how to implement these for effective data analysis. "
"I am expecting to familiarize myself with basic concepts of Data Analysis and grasping basic foundations of softwares related to Data like R"
"I expect to take on interesting projects with relation to data, and improve my fundamental understanding of data and expand the arsenal of what I can do."
"I expect to become fluent in the basics of R and looking forward to the introduction of Github in order to start working on my own analytics projects and accelerate my studies as well "
"i want to improve my skills in R and overall become better in data analytics"
"To somehow be able to navigate the data."
"To build my knowledge in data analysis and data science"
"how to program1"
